8:00 Wake up. Sylvester slowly crawls out of bed. Every morning the first thing he thinks about is his daughter. The dragon that
took her is the only thing on his mind. Sylvester combs his fur as he stares into his eyes through his bathroom mirror. He feels the cold
smooth metal of his newly added robotic arm. Its hard to be a robotic bear in this world. The mamal instincts of Sylvester's mind are 
pestered by the cold blooded cybertronic additions to his body. But he would make those choices again. In order to get his daughter back
Sylvester couldn't just be a bear. He had to be THE bear. Sylvester moves through his house, packing his bags. This will be a long
journey to the dragon's lair. Any mistep, any mistake could be futile. Sylvester slams his door and walks into the light of day, 
commiting to making it to they dragon's home, slaying him, and taking back his daughter.

The path to the dragons lair was treacherous. Besides the enviromental hazards presented along the way, he also had to pass though the cult of creation. They were formed on the idea that biological being should not have cybernetic enhancements. Nobody knows where they are exactly located, but they seem to control a large area of land, just outside of the city. Almost every cyborg that enters this area has gone missing. Nevertheless, Sylvester started his journy. After almost a day of walking, he entered the cult of creations territory. Darkness began to set in, but luckily for Sylvester, he had just installed night vison with thermal add-ons. From his pocket he took out out a vial and sniffed the powder, his brain was flooded with norepinephrine. He was now focused. He heard a beep in his ear, he wipped around and saw a red blob on his screen. He turned around and sliced open a cultist. Another cultist jumped on Syvesters back. He stood up and walked backward, impaling him on a nearby branch. He let out a roar and ran towards the group of cultist. He easily disbatched of the group. He then gathered the bodies and began to feast on them to regain his energy. He saved the heads and tied them on his backpack to ward off the rest of the cultists. 
